Schedule for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
And everybody knows when dry ice mixes with water, it makes a real spooky fog.
Show them, Scooby.
Scooby-Doo!
Dooby-Doo!
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
There was no spread in New York City.
Infectious clones are the only real threat.
placebo batches were likely distributed.
Transfection in healthy mammals is dumb.
Protocols were murder, gain, or function is a mythology.
The Scooby-Doo is real and players are committed to lies.
That's how we're going to get through this, ladies and gentlemen.
We have to figure this out.
This faith must be dispelled.
This faith must definitely be dispelled.
So what is the name of this series band?
You turn on your phone.
I hear so many stories about them.
Whoa, here we go.
We're blasting right in already.
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening.
Good evening.
Welcome to Gigome Biological Eye Resistance Low Noise Information Brief.
Brought to you by a biologist whose voice is still kind of recovering from my vocal
hemorrhage.
But yeah, we're doing all right.
It is the 21st 24th excuse me of October, 2023.
Good to see you there, Liam.
We are still doing the same little song and dance in the beginning about not taking the debate
on social media and not taking the bait on TV.
It's getting very hard because of all the stuff that's going on in the Middle East and elsewhere.
Wow.
As I mentioned, the Middle East Brass is not exactly the song I want to have in the background.
I'm just going to kill that.
That's a little weak.
In all seriousness, no, it is getting harder and harder to focus on this cave we're trying
to get out of because of the fact that so much other distractory news is just being thrown
at us.
It's not much different than it was at the beginning of the pandemic.
It's still the same fire hose.
It's just different flavors and different colors and maybe even getting worse.
But in the end, the goal is the same.
The goal is to make it feel as though you're in this race car and there's just too much
to pay attention to.
And the only thing you can do is hold onto your chair and hope that whatever crashes into
the car doesn't hit your side of the vehicle.
We've been fooled into solving this mystery.
Like I said, the book season is coming out.
Many of us already own books.
There's new books coming out by Rand Paul.
There's old books by Andrew Huff and Robert Malone and the Braggons.
And by that Australian journalist and there's even a new one coming out with Robert F.
Kennedy Jr. as the author.
Some of my biology will be in that book.
The question is, can we leverage it in a way that will get the truth of the clones out
there?
I'm really not sure.
Either way, I think this so far, you're going to have to excuse me.
There's still some healing that has to go on.
I can feel there's a, I don't know if it's a loose thing or whatever, but something's
going on back there that every once in a while gets in the way.
I need to cough it out of the way, but there's no pain.
It's just either my voice is incredibly loud or it's a little half loud.
Right now it's kind of half loud.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting
the immune system is dumb.
I really think understanding what that implies, whether you agree with it or not, at least
gets us to a stage where we can talk about things.
And right now I think sort of a good place to be is also understanding that
it's purest form with the best RNA and the most perfect lipid nanoparticle from the
from the private stock of Peter Cullis's silver cabinet that's behind the Rembrandt painting,
the best lipid nanoparticles, the best batch of RNA with the highest purity of sequence
and the most uniformity of the polyA tail.
And you would still have the problem that transfection is not immunization.
You'd still have the problem of expressing a foreign protein in random places in the
body.
And that's the trick that's coming up in the next weeks is this idea that there's this
there's this DNA, adulteration, contamination, and that if it wasn't for this, we might
be, we might have been scot free.
Who knows?
It might have been the best vaccine ever invented, but because of this, all bets are off.
SV40, oh my.
Now don't get me wrong, it's not good to have DNA in the shot.
But it bypasses the argument of what in the hell were we doing thinking to give the
shot in the first place.
I mean, maybe if there was airborne Ebola, you know, but come on.
That's the only argument they've got.
And we must start to mobilize and move into action and play these pieces while they're
still on the board because otherwise the sun is setting on our, on our, on our chance
to, to push this before this next illusion of consensus starts to form around, around the
idea that my in focus, I can't tell, around the idea that it was the DNA and that we can
explain so much.
The cancer is also from the DNA.
And SV40 explains the cancer and oh my goodness.
Everything solves itself and look who the heroes are.
It's ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
And don't, please don't misunderstand that.
I don't want to be a hero.
I have been blessed by this crazy scyop and blessed by all the people that have supported
this stream and by being hired by CHD.
I have a decent paying job with insurance for my family.
And that's a lot better than being homeless.
And after I got fired from Pitt, you know, like, I don't know.
I'm very, very humbly thankful to still be in this fight in some way or another.
And I think that's why I still believe it's worth fighting for.
The idea that the truth might actually catch fire.
It doesn't have to be, you know, Kevin McCurnan against the world or Robert Malone saving
the world on a white horse.
It just has to be the truth getting out and everybody realizing that so much of what is
public health has been a, has been a theater, an elaborate theater to move people and make
people behave in a certain way so that trillions of dollars could be controlled.
And that's on a short timescale.
And on a longer timescale, we're talking about the actual governance of countries and maybe
even the world if you want to think about it that way.
And in reality, what we have to come to the realization, I'm afraid, is that it's been
this way for much longer than since 2020.
And I think that's what's so hard for everybody is that it, it, it really becomes this thing
where there is no other possibility.
You can't take this on as a hobby.
You know, it's, it's, it's kind of an all or nothing thing.
And so we're going to have to find ways to, to get people on board to help them board
the ship without them having to climb a, climb a rope and burn their hands and all this other stuff.
I mean, I don't know how we're going to do it, but the DNA in the shot could be, in theory,
you know, everybody's going to scream and yell, but it could be a way where if we play our cards
right, you know, they're not going to be able to stop the flood once the water is flowing.
And I think the way that is, is that you've got to, we've got to be able to accurately
and succinctly articulate that in its purest form,
transfection with modified RNA that's codon optimized and chemically altered uridines.
And goodness knows what else they did.
We don't know.
We don't know if there are any other RNAs in there by accident or on purpose.
I mean, we really have to talk about the fact that the DNA, I'm just going to, I'm going to waste some time here.
And the DNA idea is such a shiny object that what you're risking doing is bleaching out the rest of the picture,
which is the more important part.
And they're really doing that.
I tried to come up with an adequate analogy this afternoon with my, at the, at the lunch table,
and I don't know if it's adequate enough, but it's kind of, it's, it's near this.
But my son's 14 years old.
And if, if I found him across the street in my car with a fifth of whiskey, half gone, completely drunk,
the car smashed into the living room of that house.
And upon further investigation, we found out that there was 96 octane gas in the car.
And I decided to make it my life's mission to make sure that never ever again did they sell 96 octane gas at a, at a gas station.
That would be pretty ridiculous, right?
Well, if we're going to campaign that we don't ever want to be transfected again, unless we're sure there's no DNA in it, that's about as dumb.
And yet that's what this illusion of consensus.
I'm afraid is going to trick us into behaving.
That that's the behavior they want us to choose.
And we've got to be very, I just, if I can help people understand that idea, then you can tell me it's wrong.
But until people can understand that idea and how, how deceptive that trap is, we've, we've just got to be able to see it.
And I do think that there are people that can see it.
I do think that there are more people that can be made to help to see it, but there are a lot of people who will never see.
That's just the way it is.
And mostly it's because there's such a beautifully, beautifully orchestrated apparatus that's designed to do exactly that.
Make sure that people stay right down the middle here and just, you know, dodged and distracted by all the things that don't matter, asking the wrong questions all the time.
So yesterday we looked at this video, which I preface that had something to do with what we've been talking about for a long time, which is this, this elite goal to collect as much biological data about the human genome and its expression in time
as possible in order to feed a hypothetical AI machine learning entity, the data, and somehow crack the human genome.
I guess I better water up a little bit.
And so we watched this video yesterday of Dr. Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg talking about their the CZIs overarching plan to cure all diseases, and they were interviewed by this guy, Huberman, who I started out with a very honest praise of him.
I thought he, I think he's a great guy, but I was really kind of shocked at how he performed in this, in this video.
And when I, it's funny when I ended the show, fear that my wife, she said, I thought you knew about him already.
I'm like, what, he's really smart, but didn't you know, and she sent me this.
She sent me this thing that they were like, at Lex, they celebrated Lex Friedman's birthday with Joe.
Oh boy. So anyway, yeah, I was a, I'm a little bit behind the times with where with regard to whether or not Huberman was on our side or the other side.
And yeah, and this is an, is a absolutely spectacular example of what I've been trying to talk about is that these people were put into place early and, and this network has been used exquisitely to create this.
What about a limited spectrum of debate within which there is a very lively discussion.
And within within that limited spectrum of debate defined by these people is a lively discussion defined by these people and we all go, wow, that illusion of consensus is pretty convincing.
And the magic spell is cast.
That's the awfulness of social media.
Now, I want to just make sure that I'm not supposed to stop here first because I do have two things to look at here, but let me think of make sure what my mind was thinking here.
Yeah, so I want to keep going.
So I've played this many times that part of the illusion of consensus is around this idea that gain of function is real and that's the overarching mythology, you know, the, the, that's the boogeyman that they're, they're making us afraid of.
Yesterday, I also introduced this concept that's really not my concept, but it's the first time that I've tried to do it with this, with this little simple slide.
And as you know, this is the all cause mortality rate in the United States defined in weeks from the years 2014 all the way to I believe this is the beginning of 2022.
Oh, sorry, you can see that.
I think this is 2014 and this is the beginning of 2022.
And so this season of fluctuation that you see here is a real phenomenon.
And it is just the seasonal variation in the weekly all cause mortality in America.
Remember, between 2.7 and 3 million people are expected to die every year in America as our population continues to slowly rise.
And so it's not really clear what the real deaths would be here, but if you can zoom back a little bit more, you can actually see that this graph is actually inclined like this over time or so I can go like this.
Oops, inclined like this over time.
And if you see some of Denny Rancor's data where it goes back farther, you can see that trend present on top of an ever rising all cause mortality rate because we have more people in America and that's the way it is.
So in addition to that, what you have to understand is happening here in case you're unaware is that a population pyramid can be drawn where you have all of the people, men and women, graft on the bottom from little kids all the way up to old people at the top.
And depending on the shape of that pyramid, you can understand how the evolution of that population will occur over time.
And if you don't know enough about population pyramids, I suggest you read about them a little bit because our population pyramid is about to invert.
And as it inverts, it creates a very predictable effect on the economics of the socioeconomic structure and what that socioeconomic structure is capable of.
And also it changes the way that the all cause mortality rate will change over time.
And that is also something that has been happening here for quite some more than a few years, which means it's possible that there were a lot of, let's say, people beyond the life, age expectancy.
Here, look, this, this, this peak right here is almost cut off. It's one of the lowest peaks since what is this 2015.
So in that sense, there's a possibility that there were some people that were either, either could have died, but didn't in these several years that ended up dying all in 2020.
And how did that occur?
Were they all in hospitals in New York?
It seems like it.
So there's a lot of things to hunt out here.
But the point is, is that a novel virus in their story is a novel cause of death.
So it should be taking out people that otherwise would not have died.
So you need in order to figure out where the pandemic is in this light blue graph here, you need to accurately subtract this expected value out from under.
You see?
And whatever it is on top of that, in theory would be the novel cause of death.
Now, in order to find that number, you've got to do some math.
And so this was the, the reason why we were using this graph before was to explain what we think is the hypothesis, which is that, that the who declared a pandemic of a novel virus, the PCR test, the financial incentive, and the plan that was ready to do that.
The plan that was ready to go, the only molecular explanation for all of this molecular biology to be even remotely, remotely solid or believable at the beginning of the pandemic is for a clone or clones to have been used and shoot.
And the idea, again, is to invert our sovereignty to, to permissions, but using this, this same graph, this way, I want you to think about where this mystery virus total comes from.
Sorry, I'm being so awkward here.
I didn't put these slides together in the order that I thought I did so that that one was supposed to come at the end.
The mystery virus, if you want to think about what the mystery, who the mystery virus killed, you have to look at all excess deaths, but then you must subtract all of the truths that we now know we didn't know that this was all going on in 2020 when we were all staying at
home because Brett Weinstein told us that he was going to stay at home and we were wearing bandanas and whatever.
So in 2020, we didn't know that they had do not resuscitate orders in New York City and that they weren't resuscitating heart attacks.
And when the heart attacks went up, we just, we just heard about it on the news is being COVID.
But now we know that they actually did that, which caused a rise in heart attack deaths caused a rise in stroke deaths.
It wasn't COVID. It was the fact that they didn't go to people. They didn't resuscitate people.
And that's a pretty big revelation because that also pretty much correlates with the rise and fall of the extreme event that happened in New York City.
Then in no way resembles the spreading of a respiratory virus.
You also have to subtract all of the people who were ventilated that shouldn't have been ventilated.
You need to subtract all of the people that should have gotten antibiotics but didn't because people like Vincent Rancin yellow and David Griffin or whatever his name is.
They were all saying that antibiotics don't work for a viral disease.
The lack of antibiotics is coupled with the poor use of steroids either administered when they shouldn't have been or when it was finally probably necessary in an emergency they were not administered.
The use of remdesivir is still just the most absurd thing ever and none of these people talk about it.
And the fact that the opioid deaths have to be subtracted from this.
You can't because they're not here and they're not in the expected deaths.
Expected deaths are from like car accidents and illness and they have all these numbers.
And there aren't expected deaths for opioid deaths.
That's not a thing you figure in.
And if you figure it in over there, then you have to figure figure in the trends of whatever happening in that opioid deaths and make sure that they're all in that which you know they're not.
And the death certificate fraud is very significant from California to New York.
There's all kinds of different investigators that have shown this.
And so once you subtract all of these things away, maybe there's nothing left.
In fact, there isn't.
These same people they also avoid discussing the PCR fraud, the lateral flow test fraud.
A lot of people aren't aware of the lateral flow test fraud, but you know, the UK's second wave of COVID was almost completely defined by a Chinese lateral flow test.
Chinese lateral flow test product.
They didn't even use, you know, traditional PCR.
They use something else to define COVID for almost half a year.
From China.
Variants and sequences, they just don't talk about that anymore.
Everybody just assumes that that's too hard for me.
Nobody ever talks about the use of RNA infectious clones throughout RNA virology as the standard.
They don't talk about quasi species swarm genetics and how that relates to variant sequences or they don't talk about incompetent fractions of the virus.
They don't talk about any of that RNA fidelity limits.
Oh, no, there's proofreading in coronaviruses. There's this EXO and gene.
They are playing games with us because they also don't talk about the homology between other coronavirus proteins reported in the literature, which means that our immune system has more and more reason not to differentiate between this one and any other previously encountered RNA coronavirus.
If you just play their comic book game of what viruses are and what have been reported in the past, it doesn't make sense.
Never mind if you try to question the fidelity of that story.
And what's at the heart of this?
What's at the heart of all of this inability to question these things or even bring these up to do this math correctly?
What's at that heart of not being able to talk about PCR?
Why don't they ever mention it anymore?
I believe at the heart of this is this faith that there was a novel virus.
You can't do the math up here and have there be a novel virus still.
The novel virus disappears.
So they can't do this math.
They can't talk about opioid deaths at all because they risk doing the math.
They can't really mention remdesivir because then they might risk doing the math.
Can't mention ventilators almost ever again because they might risk doing the math.
They'll want to talk to Jessica Hockett about what happened to New York for four weeks because they might risk doing that math and that will dispel the first tenant of the faith tenant of the faith, which is there was a novel virus.
Now millions died and were saved because that's both part of the narrative.
How were they saved?
Depends on what part of the story you want to believe.
Maybe it was the ones who got Ivermectin.
Maybe it was the ones who, I don't know, got vitamin D.
Maybe you believe the people that took the RNA were the ones who didn't go to the hospital and only the vaccinated or unvaccinated died.
Maybe that's you what you believe, but you believe something about that.
Most likely you also believe the gain of function is real.
That's a real tenant of the faith.
None of these people will question that.
And the virus will come again.
Well, of course, some people believe that Omicron was a virus come again from a laboratory released by a white hat.
Some people believe that every variant was released.
I think there's a Japanese group that published a paper that said every variant since Omicron has been released.
That's the same narrative.
I think there's really an illusion of consensus about this faith that everybody is bamboozled into accepting by solving this mystery.
This mystery of who did it, taking a mask off.
We're going to put Fauci in jail for all those liars.
And when they changed our mind about this as being a novel virus and we accepted it, then all of this stuff was possible.
That's the trick. Once you accept the faith, then all of this stuff makes sense, or at least you can't blame anybody for having done it.
If you accept the faith, you can't blame anybody for trying.
I mean, it was all hands on deck. What'd you do?
And that's what this is about.
The illusion of consensus was started in 2019 by the intellectual dark web.
By people like Sam Harris, by people like Eric Weinstein with Peter Teal on one of his first podcasts talking about this possibility exactly.
That they would lie to us about science in order to control us.
And with Brett Weinstein with Sam Harris on his number eight podcast talking about how when a real pandemic comes December 20, 2019.
When a real pandemic comes, we won't be able to tolerate them there anti-vaxxers.
2020, the undercurrents of a lab leak were seeded.
And they controlled that very well while on TV, they made it seem like almost ridiculous, which fueled that underground fire of that lab leak story even more until 2021 when it started to get a little more traction and even even Tucker Carlson talked about it.
And then Omicron went around and people started talking about another lab leak released.
Wow, good guys. This is vaccinating the world. Oh, no, says carrot, London, Bosch, not vaccinating the world.
This is the start of doom.
And none of those prescriptions ever to question the faith at all.
That's what this laboratory that cave zoneosis thing is all about.
You can fight about that all you want because it is a controlled space.
It is a limited spectrum of debate within which there's a very lively discussion over three years.
Oh boy.
We still haven't figured it out. Six books later.
That's an illusion.
That whole thing was an illusion. The good guys, the bad guys.
So many of them were just pretending to be against each other, pretending to be antagonizing one another.
And it's still happening now. People are still trying to play that game of, you know, I'm against so-and-so and so pay attention to me.
It's a very, very disingenuous game if it's not centered around explaining what happened.
And almost nobody is interested in explaining what happened. Why are they not interested in explaining what happened?
Because they don't want to question this faith.
You see, if you start talking about what really happened, then you start questioning this faith and none of these people are allowed to do that.
And I can't stress how important it is for you to be able to start to scrutinize people just based on that idea alone.
You can see people for what they are in a snap.
And there's lots of them in the best places.
And so as great as it feels that we're making all this progress, we haven't really made much progress because this faith is still solid as a rock.
And that's the problem. This illusion of consensus hasn't been broken yet and no matter how we bring it, but this is the best I can do.
It's a bad leak, a release. It does not matter because the faith is a lie.
Okay, so let's get out of this. Let's watch these two.
First of all, I wanted to watch this one because it came back up again and it's a cut that this guy made.
So he made a cut of this video we watched earlier. It's only like 12 minutes wrong and it's the best cut. It's the one that I went nuts on.
And I think it's worth bringing up again because this is a great example of, again, what were we talking about?
This idea that he's not going to, he's not going off you demon.
He's not going to question the faith, right? He's not going to question this.
He's not going to question this. He's not going to bring up PCR or lateral flow test fraud in the UK. He's not going to bring up variance sequences.
Nothing about the virology at all. He's not going to bring up any of those other causes of death. None of these causes that need to be removed from that hypothetical total of a million people killed in America.
He's not going to do any of that math and he's going to spend like 12 minutes spewing hot air about the RNA, knowing full well what we know, which is there is this play to make us think that the DNA is really the only thing that really screwed us and those bastards knew it.
Listen carefully. I'll probably just let it play because it's fun. Did it play? Yeah.
I'm going to say something now and I had responded to a few comments on social media as well. And I, as I wrote something, I reflected on it.
And my feeling is that the technology has some limitations, but my honest instinct is that they did it with the wrong disease at too big a scale, meaning that if they had done what the intention was, which was to focus on the high risk cohort
and try to protect them with the technology, I think the risk or the potential exposure of the technology would have been significantly lower.
And I said something here. I'll finish with this statement. I said that no matter what the political situation is, the people who have been hurt in one way or the other by the technology,
will never be silent. And that's in effect, the thing that is unstoppable. And so the platform, even though it could have more modifications, more benefits, could be destroyed at this altar. Any thoughts on that?
So I had warned about this and not just the platform, but the entire vaccine enterprise has been compromised. And public faith in public health, the reputation of the CDC, the reputation of the FDA, I speak about this from time to time.
I was speaking to a Portuguese audience about a year and a half or two years ago, and an older woman asked me a question and prefaced it with a preamble.
And she made the point that throughout Europe, the FDA had always been believed to be the gold standard for integrity and rigor in regulation of drugs and biological products.
And that she had come to now understand that the FDA was corrupt and could not be relied on. And when she said that, I had not allowed that thought to come into my mind up until that point.
And it literally hit me like a brick to the head that in this rush, this Operation Warp Speed, and all of the propaganda.
So did you catch that? I mean, it's just, it hurts my head sometimes when I listen to this one. I'm going to go back a little bit, just so you hear it.
Now, imagine Robert Malone, who consulted for epivacs.
Robert Malone, who co-founded Anovio, Robert Malone, who spoke in front of the who in 2011 about flu vaccines, who worked with Herod Vunden-Bosch in 2007 and 2008 on flu vaccines in Solve.
Robert Malone of West Coast clinical trials.
Robert Malone, who's great friends with David Hone.
Robert Malone, the guy who's claims to have been vetted for U.S. amored head of science.
Robert Malone, who's been on the Tommy podcast several times, a few times with Stephen Hatfield.
Robert Malone, the guy who claims to have eight patents, which should have given him some claim to the Nobel Prize from this year.
Robert Malone, who the guy who led us to Peter Collis, and later to Abzallera.
Robert Malone says that he didn't realize that the FDA could what?
The regulation of drugs and biological products, and that she had come to now understand that the FDA was corrupt and could not be relied on.
And when she said that, I had not allowed that thought to come into my mind up until that point.
And it literally hit me like a brick to the head that in this rush, this Operation Warp Speed, and all of the propaganda,
and misinformation and disinformation that was propagated by the government.
And the withholding of information about adverse events, for instance, myocarditis in particular.
What we had done as a United States health and human services and bio-defense infrastructure and really biomedical pharmaceutical complex,
is we had destroyed or severely damaged our competitive position in the world as the preeminent developer and manufacturer of these types of products.
And my prediction had been then, and I think we're seeing it accelerate, that what would be the logical consequence would be that the United States would continue to lose
its dominant position in biopharmaceuticals to India and China, one of which is considered a hostile nation, and the other one is at best a frenemy.
Certainly a strong competitor. And that's what's happened. The United States now has to import not only final drug product, but drug precursors, if they're going to do that.
And the reputation of the FDA is trashed globally and within the states. The damage that's been done here through the logic of emergency use authorization of products that have proven to be neither safe nor effective.
In response to what was basically marketed or propagandized as a highly lethal respiratory virus with a 3.4% case fatality rate, based on Ferguson's modeling largely at Imperial College in his group.
And has proven to be paradoxically, Mr Trump got this right. Early on, there's multiple video clips of him saying that the fatality rate here, I think he calls it mortality rate, is well less than 1%. That turns out to be the case.
And the whole.
Can you hear that he's not he's not questioning the the faith at all in fact he's preaching it.
He's giving you the case fatality rate of the novel virus.
He's not questioning it at all. He's giving you the case fatality rate of the holy novel virus.
I find it pretty extraordinary.
I mean, I find it really extraordinary.
Logic that this was a highly lethal virus that would overwhelm our hospitals causes us to need to have mass graves and.
Freezer vans full of dead bodies and et cetera, et cetera. That's all turned out to be false propaganda.
And, but that is what has been used to justify these breaches of what are really international norms of ethics and product development that have been developed over decades.
So we're now left. I could tell you my colleagues in the.
Clinical development and earlier phase pharmaceutical development space.
I'm just kind of confused as to whether he is saying that he was also fooled by this propaganda and that's why he spent all of.
Two thousand twenty and two thousand.
Much of the beginning of two thousand twenty one.
Working to find combinations of possible repeat patentable combinations of repurposed drugs and bringing them to market.
Because he thought that there was an especially dangerous virus with about three percent fatality rate like.
And he wrote said the other day.
So I'm really confused here because.
I don't think obviously he's not being honest, but I wanted you to see exactly how much performance is happening now and.
I think this rehe rehearsing this over and over.
It can't help but make it clearer.
And it's it's becoming very crystal clear to me now that we are right on target and all we need to do.
Is keep this steady pressure on so that.
So that we remain focused on this.
We're not going to lose sight of the idea that we are not going to.
Allow the DNA.
To take the blame.
We're not going to allow the ninety six octane gasoline that was in my car to take the blame for the fact that my fourteen year old boy.
Was driving drunk.
And we're not going to let DNA contamination take the blame for the fact that we decided that it would be okay to put.
Five point six billion transfection products into the arms of relatively healthy humans.
That's what we need to understand if it's if it's lipid nanoparticles are bad to great.
If it's the RNA contaminations are bad to that's great.
If it's the spike protein also causes amyloid and some people great.
If it causes clotting and most people great.
All the better.
But we cannot blame one of those are all of those things it's all it's all bad.
Your son wasn't wearing shoes either great.
Your son didn't have his glasses on great.
It's all wrong.
He's fourteen year old driving a car was already wrong.
Then he got drunk.
Then he didn't have his glasses on any of you see.
And it has always been that game.
Because what was the game they just don't want you to say that transfection is bad.
So they had to do that game.
But it was so I mean when it was on you couldn't see the game.
And these guys are still playing the game that doctor Philip McMillan just said that we should have saved the old people with the technology.
That Philip McMillan had a conference over a weekend that included Kevin McCarron the guy who said that there could be a billion people dead from this virus in February of 2020.
And continued to say worst case scenario was possible for several months after that.
As part of a little network of people it all seemed to be connected right back to Robert Malone.
Including George Webb and Paul Catrell who Robert Malone is streamed with.
And although George Webb is supposed to be Robert Malone's arch enemy.
Robert one of Robert Malone's first streaming partners and streaming interviewees was Paul Catrell who George Webb says is like the greatest hero of all.
Dr. bus rider MD.
These connections aren't random.
These are the bricks at the back of the theater.
This is where this is where it ends.
If there are people behind these people great if they're we got their order wrong or who's behind who wrong who cares.
These are clearly the bricks the scenery that it's all visible now we just have to kind of be careful not to kick any of it down.
And don't get these people confused with the stage hands.
I guess I'll just let it play out because he probably says a few more ridiculous things.
Are perplexed now that it's what's what's happened in in the states with regulatory affairs and the FDA is that what what had previously been a fairly rigorous and highly structured process.
We all knew the rules.
We knew what the process was.
We could project how much it costs.
We could project the timelines and you know grind away for a decade to get the product developed and you know safe and effective.
And now it's kind of anything goes if they want it to go.
And if they want to hold you to higher standards they will and you can't predict what it's going to be.
You know your people are left with well who I have to pay off.
You know what do I have to do to it's the whole system is now compromised.
Its integrity is compromised.
So now this one is going to be even more fun because guess who was just on Tommy.
And again all we're going to listen to is another person trying to defend the faith.
And remember what the faith is again I'll just bring it up to be a little bit repetitive.
But the faith is this faith right here.
There was a novel virus millions died and were saved gain a function is real and a virus will come again.
And the people who are faithful avoid discussing the PCR fraud or the testing fraud.
They avoid discussing variants and sequences and what they might mean or not mean.
They avoid all discussion of the details of virology.
And they discuss nothing to do with the homology between these proteins and others.
It's just the whole virology thing is thrown out the window with these people.
And that's part of what the no virus people are all about.
It's kind of taking a for you to miss this to miss all of this.
And so if you miss all of this and you just say now there's nothing then you also lose.
Then you fail to understand what clones are and you fail to understand what things they do have
which can be used to create the illusion of this molecular biology.
And if they don't do the math and this that's the math of how do you get the total number of deaths caused by the virus.
You have to take all excess deaths and you subtract the do not resuscitate orders the ventilated people the people that didn't get antibiotics.
People have had remdesivir the opioid deaths.
The death certificate fraud and this one is I can't remember anymore but we can go back up one here.
It's yeah sorry the prior use of steroids.
So anyway this this faith is not going to be is not going to be questioned and it's now Stephen Hatfield high priest number two.
The first high priest and acolyte we had a high priest Robert Malone and we had an acolyte the doctor Philip McMillan.
And now we have another high priest this would be Stephen Hatfield and an acolyte in Tommy.
And so when Tommy interviews other people and the faith is questioned how does Tommy defend the faith.
Well he defends the faith by following the teachings of these high priests that he's had through his podcast multiple times.
And they go through his podcast on purpose so that when he's interviewing all these other people this faith is never questioned.
Or if it's questioned it's also jokingly brought in back into existence by Tommy.
And if you really want to waste your time you can actually watch and find out that I'm totally right about that.
Even when he's playing video games.
So let's check this.
October 22nd 2023.
You can find the link to Dr. Hatfield book three seconds for midnight and I do believe you have a new book coming out but I don't know when so I'm not going to make any promises to anybody.
But when is it coming out.
Oh we're hoping November.
November.
All right fair enough.
And could you Dr. Hatfield for everyone listening who maybe doesn't know who you are could you please introduce yourself.
Well I'm like nobody.
Fuck me.
Fuck me for crying.
I know who this guy is he's a homeless guy.
He's in person.
Yeah I found his phone number and said will you stand are you in escort will you come to a podcast and pretend you're.
I don't really know what what do you see this as if you can.
If the if you start your podcast with F me F me F me with a guy who is supposed to be able to.
You know be be in the White House.
Or or sitting at a strategy meeting for a.
For an advisory committee would not be crazy apparently Steven had Phil.
But he's now here in a sweatshirt.
Talking to some kid who says F me F me F me any laughs.
What what what is the goal here.
What are they doing.
They're they're they're proselytizing.
This is spreading the word right here.
It's like an elaborate sales pitch for for.
I don't know 20 and 30 year olds.
College age kids I don't know who watches this.
But it's extraordinary to me because that's not.
Yeah.
It's extraordinary to me doctor and he said sure thing.
No, he's doctor had value.
You were in Trump's I believe his pandemic is pandemic response committee.
Right. You worked in the White House and you've done research all of your career.
Yeah, I am.
When all of 2020 was I was called into the White House to the executive office.
Where I worked with Peter Navarro to try to bring some rationality and sanity.
To what the White House task force have turned into a nightmare of a response that had no chance of ever working three years later.
We can see it didn't work at all.
All the things they tried the lockdowns useless.
At the most, maybe it reduced desk by one percent. We're not even sure of that.
Masking useless did nothing.
Social distancing.
Altogether, the masking and social distancing might have done a bit.
It had in 1918 during the influenza pandemic.
But you have to start it early.
Once you get past a certain level of infections, it's not going to make any difference.
There's just too much virus out there.
So, I mean, that's a reasonable thing to do.
And that was to bias time and a short lockdown.
One, no more than two weeks.
There's too much virus.
Too much virus out there.
Too much viral drug.
That is the plan.
And a drug that is safe enough that you can use it in outpatients.
You don't have to be on the hospital to use it.
Okay?
A drug that's safe enough.
Your doctor can just write you a prescription after a phone interview.
Okay?
And not worry about check on you.
The doctor that knows you that you're assigned like for his general practice, family practice.
So, we had a drug.
The people upstairs came down and gave me a piece of paper that said that the Chinese were buying millions.
I mean, they were manufacturing tons of a drug called chloroquine.
So, that's an antiviral.
So, the wonders of modern computers.
It takes you about five minutes to pull up every paper on chloroquine off of PubMed,
the National Library of Medicine.
And we see there's the CDC itself researchers, the old gray beards, right?
Back in like 2005.
And they had found in tissue culture that it just blocks the replication of the SARS-CoV-2 virus.
The COVID-19 virus, we'll call it.
It blocks it.
Well, holy cow, if you can block replication early while you're an outpatient for you to sicken up,
you have to give breathless and come to hospital.
Well, dude, you just solved the pandemic problem.
This is going to be a bad flu season.
Yeah?
But with any pandemic, there's always two major factors.
The organism itself that's causing the pandemic and the social response to it.
And in this case, we had seriously a perfect treatment.
Three years on the overwhelming evidence because people kept using it.
One in 20 Americans still used it throughout the pandemic.
Successfully, which shows you the level of trust in our federal health.
So.
It's causing the pandemic.
And the social response to it.
And in this case, we had.
Seriously.
A perfect treatment.
Three years on.
The overwhelming evidence because people kept using it.
One in 20 Americans still used it throughout the pandemic.
Successfully.
Yeah.
The FDA originally.
Started.
Badmouling hydroxychloroquine.
And.
Pete Navarro had managed to get 62 million doses.
I don't know if he stole it.
I don't know what he did, but suddenly he had 62 million doses.
He and.
Well, Catholic and Asper work together.
And they were in the national stockpile ready.
They were going out to the pharmacies.
You know, Cardinal McKenzie.
There's like three or four companies that deliver pharmaceuticals out to your local pharmacies.
And they were already surging that doctors were writing prescriptions in New York.
This stuff was working.
There was no signs of any, any, and these were early within the first seven days of feeling symptoms.
That's when any drug has it's not any infection.
So when it has its maximum effect, you get a paper cut.
Oh, no, I'm not going to do anything. It gets infected.
No, I'm not going to do anything.
And then eventually we're cutting your hand off.
Yeah.
Because it's gone gangrenous, right?
So the earlier you treat any infectious disease.
The better it's going to be.
The more affecting the drug work.
Once you end up in hospital with COVID.
And you're short of breath, which brings them in.
Your lungs are already involved.
And if it keeps going, you've got about four days.
Once you start shortness of breath.
And then you're going to migrate into like sepsis, which.
Depending on the organism can have a 70% mortality rate.
Okay.
Once you go on that ventilator, this is not, not a good idea.
Because that makes things worse.
So the idea was to.
Surge.
This drug out to the pharmacy.
You had to have it on a prescription.
So that was all about enforcing the fact that, that COVID was super deadly, right?
He said, once you're in the hospital with COVID, you can get like sepsis and stuff.
So is that still happening now?
Is, did he, does he think that that happened everywhere?
Where, where's the evidence for that?
Like.
You see what I'm talking about here?
There's a real.
Huge, wonderful.
Campfire story being told here with very little details, like almost the start of a movie, you know, with a little narration.
Or a little scroll going up into infinity.
It's, it's ridiculous.
Um, yeah.
He said nothing about woodcock and bright yet, but I have woodcock and bright written down because I also know that Navarro.
Seems to think that woodcock and bright used in EUA for hydroxychloroquine to discourage doctors from using it prophylactically.
Um, because then pharmacists wouldn't give it out because pharmacists, when they were told that there was an emergency use authorization given for hydroxychloroquine to be used in the hospital,
they could be bamboozled into believing that that also meant that if a doctor prescribed it over the counter or for prophylactic use that, that you as a pharmacist would kind of be obliged to say, no, there's an emergency use authorization for that in the hospitals.
And then that emergency use authorization, I think was, or the trials that they did at least were for too high a concentration and given too late.
So I don't know exactly how that narrative goes, but that's another one of these things where again, it just gets this, it gets this, these wheels turning where you're no longer questioning whether or not that whole reason for needing hydroxychloroquine is real or not.
Or you stop questioning what is causing the need for hydroxychloroquine, let's say it that way.
You just assume that it must be a virus, maybe it's a lab leak.
And so that's why it went bad because they lied to us about what would work.
Oh, otherwise everything would have been fine or better.
But then that doesn't question the novel virus, it doesn't question that millions were dead and it doesn't question that millions could have been saved.
It doesn't question whether MR and A work tonight, yet these guys are never even not even close to that.
And there's certainly not questioning whether the virus can come again. What a wonderful faith testament this is.
It had, it was a physiological effect, it slightly prolonged your heartbeat.
But it had been doing that for 50 years and there was never any overwhelming cardiac epidemics or reverse reactions.
It was just something noted, if you wired them up to an ECG, sometimes they're prolonged the length of the heartbeat.
So these were searched out and doctors were using that and they kept using that because it was effective.
And Janet Woodcock, who was the head of cedar at the moment, the FDA drug advisory committee safety.
She phoned Rick Bright at Barda, biological advanced research development agency authority, whatever they call it, where who was controlling the stockpile and said, look, this drug is dangerous.
It's going to kill thousands. If these Republicans let it go out.
And.
Brides, not a doctor, he's a PhD in vaccines.
He couldn't read an ECG if his life depended on it.
Nor is he a pharmacologist, nor is he a pathologist.
Okay, he's.
I think I caught it.
I think I'd see what they're doing in this thing right here and it's very, very clever.
So we've got the details that Woodcock and Bright were involved in distracting us from hydroxychloroquine.
That's what he's going to say.
And now he's trying to assert what the motivation was and who was motivating who with what or who told who to do what, who convinced who to believe what, who was the naive one in this.
And you're going to hear a very, very, and I wonder if I, if, if he's a tonic is still in the chat, because if he is, I think he's, if he's listening, he should really listen right now.
I'm going to go back about 10 more seconds.
Do it one more time for any, whatever they call it.
Well, who was controlling the stockpile and said, look, this drug is dangerous. It's going to kill thousands.
If these Republicans let it go out.
And, um, Brides, not a doctor, he's a PhD in vaccines.
He could read an ECG of his life dependent on it, nor is he a pharmacologist, nor is he a pathologist.
Okay, he's scientists are bureaucrats.
Very narrow field, vaccinology.
So he, he just took what Woodcock said.
And, uh, instead of getting a investigational drug authority, some of our friends overseas gave us the hydroxychloroquine.
But it was with the understanding that it wasn't going to be sold on the market.
Okay, because we, we use the drug for like rheumatoid arthritis.
For a condition called systemic lupus erythromatosis.
For a disorder called, uh, sarcoid.
It has a powerful effect in some of other diseases, and it's always proven itself to be very safe.
Grandma's taking it at the same dose that we wanted to give.
Young people, old people.
Okay, kids we didn't worry about because the data was showing that like they don't really get sick.
Okay.
They, um, they just like maybe they're like.
Cross and irritable for a day, most of them, unless there's something really seriously wrong with the child like a teen or something like that.
They just kind of get sick for a day or two, shrug it off and they've got permanent immunity, at least for months until the virus changes.
So it wasn't really a problem.
Young adults were getting sick and missing a couple of days work.
Okay, so as far as I'm concerned, I don't know when he's going to stop.
So I'm going to just say it right now, but I think that this is this is probably incorrect.
And the reason why I think it's incorrect is if I recall correctly, there is a at least one interview with Rick Bright, where he's a little bit annoyed with, uh, hydroxy chloroquine.
And, um, I also seem to recall what I said earlier, which is that Woodcock and Bright used an EUA.
It was characterized as that, that Bright and Woodcock were characterized by Navarro, I think, as having spoken in a meeting and said to one another,
how can we, you know, put hydroxy chloroquine out of plane and, or something to that effect?
And the way that they decided to do it was to give it an EUA for in-hospital use.
And that EUA for in-hospital use could be directly or indirectly used to imply to pharmacies around the world and are around the United States,
that over-the-counter distribution of hydroxy chloroquine and, and prophylactic prescription of it would be kind of contrary to this emergency use authorization.
Even though it was already a pre-approved available, you know, it's on the list of things that doctors can prescribe and it doesn't really matter why they do it.
But remember, this is a pandemic.
It is a national security priority.
All bets are off here.
If we have to save people in the hospital, we don't want people just wasting hydroxy chloroquine because they're panicking over what they saw on television.
And so the emergency use authorization for hydroxy chloroquine in hospitals did not result in its use because it wasn't on the CDC protocols,
but it did result in clinical trials.
You see the game that Rick Bright played in order to make hydroxy chloroquine essentially be on equal or even worse footing than Remdesivir?
It's my understanding that Rick Bright had a much more active role in the opposition to hydroxy chloroquine being used.
And it makes perfect sense if, as what, what Peter, or what, yeah, what, what Stephen Hadfield just said that Cadlick was also involved in Navarro's acquisition of doses of hydroxy chloroquine.
So now already that Rick Bright had been demoted.
Maybe it was in, in even more of a thing for Rick Bright.
I could have those two time frames mixed up there.
Maybe he got demoted after this, this whole thing with hydroxy chloroquine happened.
I'm not sure.
But I think this is interesting because I think we're not talking about Remdesivir here when in reality, the, the reason and one of the most important reasons why hydroxy chloroquine, even as a lash ditch effort, couldn't be allowed to be out there.
Don't forget Dr. Zelenko was using it.
Don't forget Dr. Zelenko treated lots of people in Congress with it.
But they couldn't let that go mainstream.
They made that seem to be something that, that, that Trump was advocating for and therefore half the country was want not to do it.
That was a magic, that was a magic enchantment you might have forgotten.
But by Trump saying the word, half of the country was sure they weren't ever going to use it.
And all those pharmacists, well they know.
That's magic, ladies and gentlemen.
That's modern magic. That's how it works.
And that's what this is. This is still in a continuation of the enchantment over and over again.
The pink letters.
There was a novel virus for which we had to do something.
Millions died and millions were saved.
Gain a function is real and a virus will come again.
But they were, I mean this thing had less than a 1% death rate.
It was an incapacitating agent, if anything.
The older people, the people.
It was an incapacitating agent, if anything. I mean, who else uses those terms?
Who else uses those terms? I mean, come on, could this get any more comical here?
Hypertension, obesity, cardiac disease, respiratory disease, diabetes, these type of things.
Yeah.
Rancid yellow's wife worked on hydroxychloroquine for 20 years.
I mean, sorry, Ivermectin for 20 years.
Chronic diseases, it was killing them. This is where most of our deaths came from.
It's called comorbidities.
So this would be the targeted population.
Probably you would want to get these people on this drug early.
Some of them had heart problems. A lot of old people have heart problems.
So that would be the doctor's choice, right? Targeted distribution.
So that was the plan.
Where was the plan?
Maybe he's talking about hydroxychloroquine for old people.
Sorry, I was a little bit confused there for a second.
I think that's what he's talking about.
He seemed to be able to find the plan.
And now there's people trying to.
Saying that this drug is dangerous.
And it should only be given in hospital.
So instead of an investigation on new drug authority.
Barda and the FDA come out with what's called an emergency use authorization.
Here we go.
And with the proviso, this needs to be given in hospital, not as an outpatient.
Well, if you're in hospital, you're in the second phase of the disease.
If you're three days into the hospital.
You're in sepsis. There's no drug that's going to work for that properly.
Well, Dr. Fauci added his drug remdesivir.
And he came in and told the president of the United States that.
It looked like they could have a vaccine pretty quickly.
President doesn't go to medical school.
Right.
So it seems to me that that really absolved Rick Bright of any role in advocating for remdesivir.
I really do.
And I'm not, I just think it removed Rick, Rick Bright on purpose.
Like there was no reason to tell a story about, about specifically woodcock calling Bright to warn him that hydroxychloricone will kill thousands because of its cardiac effects and then to make fun of Rick Bright because he couldn't read a cardiac P wave if, you know,
that right there is a dead giveaway.
That you are being enchanted.
He's, he's taking Rick Bright out on out of the, the loop of responsibility on purpose and specifically out of the loop of responsibility for remdesivir.
And instead tying it solely around the neck of Fauci, which essentially cuts its connection all the way back to.
Cina Bovari.
Because if you just say it was Fauci who had remdesivir, you don't connect it to Cina Bovari.
If you say that Rick Bright was also advocating for it, now there's wheels turning.
That mean what, wait, who, where did it come from then and who was involved in it before.
Oh, wait, I see it goes back this direction.
Oh, I see marks links matter if you go this direction, but if you go to Fauci, it's just kind of this dead end.
Thirty eight year dead end of a little guy in an office.
This is magical.
Because that's where we're at.
That's how clearly we can see the bricks.
He's got what was given to him as the top people in the country.
He doesn't know if they're frank idiots or conflicts of interest or what.
Some of them have been in the government for years.
So not being a doctor wouldn't you assume that these people know what they're doing.
Well, and I refuse to believe this till probably about near the end of 2020.
I couldn't believe what was happening.
And I came out of the White House 3rd of February, 2020.
I left after the translation.
In fact, they threw us out.
So we were the last to leave.
So fighting this thing.
So now all the doctors, you know, you come home, you've seen 40 patients, private practice are done.
You know, two bypasses or whatever.
You're tired, right?
You want to kick your feet up.
You want to catch up on the news.
You don't want to read a medical journal.
You want supper, play with the kids, go to bed, repeat.
Right?
Sure.
You've got patients counting on you to be at your best.
Okay.
Turn on your news.
And there were a couple faulty studies, but never should have made it through what we call peer review.
I mean, they were, they were just garbage.
The first paper came out of Brazil with hydroxychloroquine.
And you're looking at the dose.
He just, they gave these people a lethal dose.
It's cumulative, right?
Hydroxychloroquine stays in your body quite a while.
And now you're doing another obscene dose and then another obscene,
and it built up to toxic levels and all the patients were dying and they're wondering, oh, well.
And so again, the argument is, is that we needed something in hydroxychloroquine might have been it,
but they covered it all up.
And that, again, doesn't change the narrative of a novel virus that millions of people died from
and millions of people could have been saved from.
It's exactly the narrative.
And by talking about this over and over again, he's reinforcing the faith with Tommy and all of his viewers.
And they think they're having a very lively debate within this controlled spectrum.
And so therefore it feels like there's something solved here.
If I agree with those two guys, then what is it?
It's a consensus of three.
Tommy apparently agrees with Stephen, who am I to argue?
And the spell is cast.
That's how this works, ladies and gentlemen.
And they're going to keep doing this.
Unfortunately, I can tell you that tomorrow that we're going to have to watch this.
I wish that would, maybe I can refresh this and then that will be there again.
I can pause it.
No, why is it playing automatically?
Oh, it's rumble.
Damn it.
Yeah, this happened.
And I'm pretty sure that the presentation of the DNA contamination and the ways that it's detected will be sound.
But I'm also pretty sure that we won't talk about the PCR fraud.
We won't talk about testing fraud.
We won't talk about the RNA contamination and then the impurities.
We won't talk about codon optimization and protein folding.
We're not going to talk about RNA, G protein or G quadriplexes.
We're not going to talk about premature stop codons due to pseudoridine.
We're not going to talk about any of the other possibilities to do with lipid nanoparticles coagulating
or any of the other possibles, millions of possibilities perhaps of the ways that those things can be toxic
if they're manufactured correctly or incorrectly.
We're not going to talk about any of those things and we're going to focus exclusively on the DNA contamination
and the possibilities of all the DNA that's there.
If it's SV40 or this enhancer or that enhancer, they're going to tell us stories
about what that DNA makes the transfections possible to do.
But they're going to try and rope in everything into that.
That is the goal.
And the bait and switch is going to be that it's very enticing because
we need something that I could go back to my brother and say,
hey man, I know you didn't believe a lot of the stuff I was saying about masks and about the virus and stuff
but I mean, can you see that there's DNA in the shot and that's pretty bad?
And it's very tempting.
It's really very tempting to think that that's how it's going to go.
That it's going to be the first sort of thing that will start to really open people's minds
and then we can get them all the way over the finish line.
But that's not the plan.
That's not where the Scooby-Doo mystery is going to go.
But that is where they want you to believe that making this choice will lead to.
If we just all rally behind these guys and make sure that this DNA contamination is removed
and we regulate the industry so that this is a new thing that we're aware of and it's a standard
or maybe we don't even use these silly bacteria anymore.
That's what this is about.
It's about whitewashing the idea that transfection was a bad idea.
Just like Vay John Health, Philip McMillan, the acolyte of Robert Malone was saying.
We should have used this technology a little bit more carefully and selectively.
And we should have been more careful with how we made it.
If we regulate these products a little better next time, if we use a little more quality control,
if we just use fluorometry instead of PCR, everything would have been fine.
That's where this is going.
So any who I'll just wrap it up real quick to say that this faith is an illusion of consensus.
This is what these people were sent to do.
And it's only become clear to me in 2023 that this is the case because that's how elaborate the scheme was.
We were surrounded.
And I think actually in many ways we remain surrounded.
And so it is of utmost importance that we continue to remain honest and vigilant, but we are still surrounded.
They basically have us check mated.
They control all the important things and they demonstrated how check mated we are
by what they were able to perform over the last three years.
And now we are entering a time of even probably more strife and chaos because of all of the polarization that will occur around the election that's coming.
So I think this holiday season, Thanksgiving, I mean, even Halloween coming up, Thanksgiving and Christmas, these holidays might be the time for us to really try and one more time break through
with some of our family and friends and send out a
peace offering that has more to do with help.
And maybe that's the reason why the DNA could help us because these people will finally realize that they'll have an out where it's not my fault.
But it's a false out.
That's the thing I don't like about it. It's a lie to say to my neighbors that, well, now that we know that there's DNA in there, now do you believe me that it was bad?
And that DNA wasn't supposed to be in there.
Does that really telling them the truth?
I don't think it is. I think it's a lie.
It's a lie just about what happened over time about a novel virus.
It's a lie.
I think that's, I don't know how else to say it. I think Mike Eden is right. You got to say that this faith is a lie.
And you then you can see these people defend it.
And, and, and that's where this all comes down. It's, it's just.
We've got to save our children from this, ladies and gentlemen, the protocols were murder and transfection is not medicine. That's just the way it is. That's the truth.
And they're not addressing so much in order to preserve the faith.
And in order to trap our children.
I don't know. It's, it's hard sometimes to really be, to be completely positive.
But there is all kinds of exciting things coming in the future.
One thing I'm really excited about actually is that we are only a few days away from Halloween, which I'm really excited about.
I'm going to go back on YouTube live on Halloween.
And it's kind of a special surprise, not unlike my voice, but a different surprise.
And the month of November has some very interesting things happening, including Thanksgiving, of course.
It's going to get cooler outside. And then, of course, we have December.
Yeah, there's a lot of things coming, my friends, but December is when the book comes out.
And when the book comes out, I think we're going to have some additional pieces on the board that we can play.
And I'm really, really excited about that. So it's just a matter of keeping the steady pressure.
I'm not sure if this is 47 or 48 or what it is.
But we're going, and we're going to keep on going.
Don't forget that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And transfection is not immunization, so please stop it, because we really, really, really don't need it.
Yeah, that's it. I'll see you guys probably tomorrow, as usual, because that's what we do here.
We stream every day.
It's been really fun.
I am happy to report. I have three days of pretty dang good sleep.
And my throat still feels pretty good. I do think that it's settling in a little deeper than it was yesterday.
But like I said, this is just where we are now after a vocal cord hemorrhage.
Thank goodness we are closer to healthy. At least that's what I think.
I'm going to keep drinking lots of honey and apple cider vinegar, and I have this throat coat tea, and I have a bunch of other stuff.
I'll take care of it as best I can.
Keep my gain on my microphone up.
Thanks for joining me guys. We'll see you tomorrow.
Tomorrow is 50. Oh my goodness. That's exciting. What is tomorrow? It's tomorrow Thursday or Wednesday?
Tuesday, Wednesday. Okay. Oh my goodness. I'm excited.
Wednesday is 50. Oh my goodness. This is really great.
Okay guys, man. I'm so happy. Thanks guys.
It does feel really good though to have my voice back. I gotta tell you, every morning when I wake up, it's about twice as deep as this too.
My wife is telling me to be quiet in the bedroom. It's funny.